c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\InventoryTest.exe.config
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\InventoryTest.exe
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\InventoryTest.pdb
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.exe
c:\users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.pdb
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.Login.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.Management.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.Item_In.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.Update.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.Pwd.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.UserManagement.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.ConfirmForm.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.RecentDeletion.resources
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\NPOI.dll
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.dll
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\bin\Debug\NPOI.xml
C:\Users\cgcq0\OneDrive\文档\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InventoryTest\InventoryTest\obj\Debug\InventoryTest.Detail.resources
